[narrator] Ready for a
story about superheroes?
[sighs] More TV superheroes.
Just what the world needs.
Be honest. have you
hung yourself yet?
Or what if I told you
this was actually a story
about super-zeroes?
Losers. achingly pathetic
meta-human goose eggs.
How about it?
Ready to feel better
about your own miserable
lives for the next hour or so?
Follow me.
Our story begins.
as such stories do.
with a visit to a Nazi.
I'm sorry. Cobbler.
Mr. Morden.
Yes. Yes. you must be
Sturmbanhfuhrer Von Fuchs.
Martinez.
- Sorry?
- Señor Martinez.
Who?
The village cobbler.
Oh.
Oh!
[laughing]
[narrator] Von Fuchs was renowned
for his theoretical experimentation.
offering certain
enhancements for a price.
A price Mr. Morden was
more than willing to pay.
Oh. I forgot.
Mr. Morden. that's me.
Well. it was me.
A third-rate bad guy.
a nameless henchman. a real...
Nobody.
I forked over a king's ransom
to that demented genius.
And if I knew what
he had planned for me.
I would have paid double.
Can you hear me. Mr. Morden?
[distorted voice] Yes.
[coughs]
Are you ready. Mr. Morden?
Ready.
Repeat after me. please.
- The...
- Mind...
- Is...
- The...
- Limit.
Again.
The mind is the limit.
The mind is the limit!
[overlapping repetition]
Funky...
[giggles]
[upbeat 1980s music playing]
[Mr. Morden] And
now to the 1980s.
Somewhere in this
abomination of gauche and blow.
is a pale white ass
pumping up and down.
The ass of a hero.
No. not that ass.
No.
Uh-uh.
[wailing]
Giselle?
[Clara continues wailing]
Giselle!
[Giselle moaning]
[Mr. Morden] There it is.
Mmm! Smells like hero to me.
Who's the fox?
You are!
Giselle!
Who's the fox?
Oh. my God.
Giselle.
Clara is crying.
Really? Looks fine to me.
She's fine. honey. You
can't be so scared of her.
Hmm.
[Mr. Morden] Behold. the
bottom rung of marriage.
Contempt.
[indistinct announcement on PA]
How are you doing. Bump?
[Bump exhales]
What?
[Bump] How the hell did
you get Kate to agree to her?
[Cliff] You're a dirty old man.
You know that?
It's called trust.
Thought you would have
known that by wife number three.
[camera clicks]
[crowd cheering]
Crash and die. babe.
I love you too. honey.
[engines revving]
[upbeat rock music playing]
- [Bump] Get to center. big fella.
- Little snug in here.
Yeah. how about you cry
about that back in the box.
Whoa!
You see that?
[Bump] Oh! Hey. there.
- What?
- Uh. nothing. Cliff.
We racing here. Bump?
Hell. yeah.
What the fuck?
- You're fucking my wife?
- Cliff. I swear to God. no!
Oh. yes. he is.
And guess what I never have to
say when I'm banging big ol' Bump?
- Don't!
- "Is it in yet?"
No!
[Cliff screams]
[Cliff] I don't know
what happened to us.
I'm going to be better.
I don't know what
happened to us.
I'm going to be better.
[inaudible]
Trainwreck's ready!
Do you think she even
knows who we are?
Baby Clara. your
daddy's gonna be
a big-time race
car driver one day.
No.
I meant do you think she
knows how much I love you?
Cliff. Cliff. wake up.
Fudge.
[narrator on TV] Three electrical
values drive welding principles.
The amount of current
or amperage in a current...
- [tool whirring]
- Cliff. Cliff Steele.
My name's Dr. Niles Caulder.
Would you please nod your
head if you can understand me?
I'm not sure you ever
really loved me. Tom.
You know what my
father used to say
about smooth talkers like you?
Everything before
the "but" is baloney.
I want you to
remember what it felt like
to move your head.
Picture it in your mind.
[girl laughing]
Now. I want you
to move your head.
Good.
Very good.
[sighs heavily]
You've been in a
terrible accident. Cliff.
Much of your body was
rendered beyond repair.
But we are getting there.
I promise you. we're close.
Rest.
Buh. buh...
Bird.
[Cliff] Bird.
Fluh. fluh...
Flew.
[Cliff] Fuck.
- [Niles] Flew.
- [Cliff] Fuck.
1995?
Yes.
Fuck. Nineteen
ninety-fucking-five?
Up-uh.
[Cliff] My wife. Where...
Where's my wife?
Cliff. this might be
difficult to process.
The world thinks
you died in 1988.
[Cliff gasps]
I'm not dead.
And getting stronger every day.
You motherfucker!
What did you do to me?
- How about we take a break?
- No...
Chief's a good man.
Big heart. Little odd.
maybe a little vague.
But it comes from a good place.
Me. I'll always
tell you the truth.
The Chief told you the
world assumes you're dead.
Did he tell you that's because
the only part of you he was
able to save was your brain?
[Cliff] No.
Which means we need
to talk about expectations.
What you really. really want.
[Cliff] I wanna go home.
And then. we need to
take those expectations.
we need to give
them a gentle pat
and flush them into the ocean.
Wha... What's that?
Oh. my God. No!
No. No. wait. what's that?
I told you he wasn't ready.
Everyone deserves the truth.
[Niles] You don't look like
the person you used to be.
There's no getting around that.
But...
We found you some clothes.
Hopefully. you'll see
you're still very much you.
[Cliff] Sure.
So. what is this place?
My home.
A safe place for you.
others like you.
to heal.
[Cliff] Where's my wife?
What do you remember. Cliff?
- Fuck you. Cliff! Fuck you!
- What the fuck am I supposed to...
Mommy!
[Cliff] Just tell me
she's moved on.
It's been seven years.
She thinks I'm dead.
She's moved on.
I would have.
[Kate] Leave if you're
fucking unhappy.
- Why don't you just leave?
- [Cliff] Who earns the money?
[shouting indistinctly]
[Cliff] I can't hold a memory.
Everything's fractured.
Everything's bad.
You're experiencing something
called dissociative memory.
It'll all come back.
The bad and the good.
We'll get you on your feet.
You'll start feeling like
yourself soon enough.
Cliff Steele. Larry Trainor.
I thought he might help
you with your recovery.
[Mr. Morden] And Larry
gave Cliff the grand tour.
Wheeling him around
like a couple of pony kegs
through his home.
we'll come to know as...
Doom Manor.
[Larry] I thought you
might like some air.
[Cliff] I can't feel the air.
[Larry] Sucks to be you.
[Cliff] Hey. what was it like getting
buried in a pyramid with your cat?
[Larry] Yeah. a sense of humor
helps here. So you'll work on that.
[Cliff] So what's your story?
[Larry exhales]
I flew airplanes.
[Mr. Morden] Flew airplanes?
Please. Larry Trainor
was an American god.
Air Force aviator test pilot
shortlisted for the
Mercury space program.
An Atomic Age sex machine.
How's my X-15?
Mmm.
Let's see. We've got
57.000 pounds force of thrust.
Mach 6.
like riding a rocket ship
between your thighs.
She's a beast.
[announcer on radio] If you get a
chance today. look up in the sky.
You'll see NASA's
very own rocket plane.
the X-15. soaring
into the heavens.
[air control] Five
seconds. zero-zero-eight.
Roger.
Two. one. Launch.
We got a good light here. Larry.
Check your alpha
and your heading.
[Mr. Morden] A pilot
doesn't reach Larry's status
by leaving anything to chance.
He was prepared for everything.
Decompression.
Very sensitive.
Harsh environment.
mechanical malfunction.
The one thing Trainor
didn't count on...
Sweet mother of God.
Was a stowaway.
Hold on. there's
something up here.
[air control] You're
breaking up. Larry.
Say again. Repeat.
Hold on. [groans]
[alarms beeping]
Larry. do you
read? Let's pull it up.
[muttering]
Put some G on it. Larry.
Larry! Larry. do you read?
Larry. come in.
He's not responding.
[men shouting]
[Mr. Morden] What man
possessed of what grit
could survive such a fall?
Or was our golden boy
newly possessed
of something else?
Larry crawled from
the wreckage that day.
forever changed.
in ways that would
take him decades
to even begin to understand.
- [mechanical whirring]
- [boot clanking]
It is so important
what you're doing. Cliff.
But you know. there's
always tomorrow.
[Cliff] What's Drinky's deal?
[Larry] Who? Rita?
She was an actress.
She prefers the light
here in the evening.
Looking terrific today. Rita.
Mmm.
[Cliff sighs] Fuck me.
[Larry] Sometimes it helps to
picture a place you'd like to go.
[Cliff] How about
up the freakin' steps?
[Larry] Why go
up the steps at all?
[Cliff] I can't walk!
I can't feel! I can't eat.
I can't smell. can't
shit. I can't fuck
and I'd like to be able to do
one fucking thing for myself
when I kiss you and the
other fucking Munster here
the sweet fuck goodbye.
Hi. Daddy.
[Niles] Seeing your
daughter. that's good.
That means your
memories are coming back.
Maybe she's just the
inspiration you need.
Has anyone ever left this place?
Some have.
Some come and go.
Others like Larry
and Rita prefer to stay.
Rita has her knitting.
Larry. his horticulture.
But to be perfectly
honest. those who leave
find it's often more difficult
for the world out there
to accept who they've
become than they do.
In better news.
I can see no mechanical reason
why you shouldn't
be able to walk.
Keep going. Cliff.
You're nearly there.
Aren't you supposed
to be not walking?
[Cliff] Yeah.
And?
I'm remembering.
[Rita sighs]
You used to do this?
[Cliff] Yeah.
Around and around. That's it?
Yeah.
You were in the movies?
Pictures.
[Mr. Morden] Lovely Rita.
Queen of '50s cinema.
Some critics called her the
poor man's Deborah Kerr.
some critics called her the
rich man's Yvette Vickers.
Critics. What do they know?
They're gonna hate this show.
And action!
"Dearest Mother. today
was a fine hunt in the bush.
Tom took down a kudu whose
horns will look magnificent."
Sorry.
[exhales]
"Whose horns will look..."
Rita. Please. He's the
best focus puller in Africa.
[scoffs] He's an eyesore.
Charles. A real liability.
What if we cover up the arm?
- A different set of clothes.
- Get rid of him.
But the crew. they adore him.
So put his name on the marquee.
Now. Rita. you're gonna
step onto this gangplank here.
The crocodile
will turn up there.
You'll scream bloody murder.
And Joe'll blast 'er to Betsy.
You think you can handle it?
Of course.
It's fine.
It's totally fine.
Great.
Turn over. Let's go.
[man] Forbidden Congo.
scene nine. take one.
[director] Ready. Rita?
And action.
[Rita exhales]
[director] Now up
the gangplank. Rita.
There you go.
Like it's a lovely
day. And you're...
[yelps]
Why are you just
standing there? Help her!
Help her!
[gasping]
[man coughing]
[Rita coughing]
I'm fine. I'm totally fine.
Towel.
What?
What is wrong with you?
You've never gone for a swim?
Towel!
What are you staring at?
[gasping]
- [woman crying]
- [man retches]
[Rita groaning]
[Mr. Morden] And away she ran.
Monstrous Rita.
Eventually finding her
way to the only place
she would ever feel
safe and unjudged.
Sitting next to a brain...
Consuming the first of what
would be three rotisserie chickens.
One step.
So I don't gut myself.
[Clara] Daddy.
[Cliff] I used to hold my daughter's
hands when she was learning to walk.
And she always wanted
to go up the steps.
Always wanted to go up.
Even after she could do it.
after I'd given her
the tools. you know.
she'd just stand
there every time.
wanting me to help her.
And I would get so pissed.
"Just walk up the
goddamn steps. okay?"
[Larry] So. walk up
the goddamn steps.
One more. Daddy.
- [Cliff] There you go. baby girl.
- You did it. Daddy!
[laughing]
Yeah!
My family thinks I died in a
car crash seven years ago.
My daughter's probably
grown up without a father.
My wife's probably moved on.
But they deserve to know.
And they can decide
what to do with it.
Thank you for
everything you've done.
But this...
Isn't me.
I'm thrilled beyond belief
for you. that you're walking.
that you finally feel like you.
All I wanted was to give
you a gentle place to land.
A second chance.
And I appreciate that.
I think you're ready
to listen to this.
It's the phone message I
used to recreate your voice.
I think it'll help you
understand how your brain's
been altering your memories
to help you cope.
[Cliff on tape] I don't
know what happened to us.
I'm going to be better.
[stops tape]
[tape rewinding]
[answering machine beeps]
I don't know what
happened to us.
I'm going to be better.
- [rock music playing]
- [Cliff screaming]
Whoa!
[all cheering]
Yeah! That's how
you get it done. son.
- [crowd gasping]
- [groaning]
Whoo!
[moans]
[answering machine beeps]
I don't know what
happened to us.
I'm going to be better.
- I know it's late.
- [Kate] Hello?
Hey.
Hi.
I don't know if you even
care how sorry I am.
Go on.
Who wants pancakes?
Cliff!
[Cliff] No!
[tires screeching]
[indistinct radio chatter]
You're okay.
[Cliff] No. Kate!
Oh. God. No.
Clara. What happened to Clara?
I'm afraid you were
the only survivor.
[Cliff] No! No. no!
No. no!
No. no. no!
No!
I can't feel pain.
No matter how hard I hit.
where I hit. what I hit.
I can't feel pain.
That's mighty
shitty of you. Doc.
[Mr. Morden] And
the years passed.
And it's all so
depressing. I just can't.
That's a new building
next to the police station.
What's it say?
[Cliff] Library.
Your handwriting
is an abomination.
[Cliff] Robot fingers.
[Rita] Mmm.
[girl] Daddy. I'm home!
Oh. goodie. She's back.
- [Larry] Rita.
- Comes and goes as she pleases.
like she owns the place.
Who?
[Mr. Morden] Who indeed.
Meet Jane. Some
people call her Crazy Jane.
Sixty-four personas. each
with its own special power.
[Jane] Ha-ha!
For example. here comes Silvia.
Spooky voice. a bit moody.
[Silvia] I'm not sleepy.
I want to speak to Jane.
[Mr. Morden] And watch now.
Here comes Hammerhead.
This one's kind of an asshole.
[Hammerhead] Except Jane's
not here. you sissy little bitch.
[Cliff] She's in a mood.
[Larry] Which one
of her is in a mood?
What the fuck?
- Is that...
- Hammerhead. this is Cliff.
[Hammerhead scoffs]
Is he a toy?
Hammerhead!
- Are you a toy?
- [Cliff] Yeah.
Heard you the first time.
Are you a raving douche?
Hello. Hammerhead.
Good to see you.
[imitates Rita] Fuck
off and die. Rita.
[Niles sighs]
[Hammerhead] Ooh!
This your pad. big guy?
[laughs]
Your man cave?
Where the magic happens?
Come on. Show me what you got.
What kind of man
stuff you got in here?
[Cliff] Cars.
Yeah.
Little toy cars for
a little toy man.
I bet it gets real
wild in there.
In the wee-wee
hours of the night.
when you think
no one's watching...
[Cliff] Anyone ever tell you
to shut your fucking hole?
Or what?
Little toybot does what?
Jane.
Cliff.
The Robotman.
Hammerhead told me you met.
[Cliff] She tell you
she grabbed my junk?
Hammerhead
doesn't kiss and tell.
[Cliff] How long you been
busting the Chief's balls?
Long before you got here.
Seventies.
You know how it is
when you meet the Chief.
Best day of my life.
It wasn't all Hammerhead's
fault last night.
Next week's my
daughter's birthday.
Pretty much the 30th year
straight that I
haven't been with her.
I'm a little on edge. I guess.
[Mr. Morden] And so it was.
After a brief misunderstanding
- in which junk was grabbed...
- [thunder rumbling]
Robotman met Jane.
And all was right
and all was good.
For now.
[Cliff] It's getting dark.
Jane?
No.
I'm the Hangman's Daughter.
[Cliff] Okay.
Do you remember
what it felt like?
What?
To be normal.
Like them.
Sometimes I try to remember.
Sometimes I
hope I still will be.
I don't even know
what to hope for.
My painting's ruined.
Everything's gone wrong.
[Cliff] Come in out of the rain.
- Georgie. get back here.
- Why should I?
All you ever do is
talk about the war.
[Mr. Morden] And life in Dumb
Manor proceeded accordingly.
So much so. the Chief
felt comfortable enough
to resume his
occasional travels.
[Rita on TV] Why did
you bring me here?
I won't be gone long.
[all] But there are
mysterious things in this world
that bear keeping an eye on.
So go. I must.
[sighs heavily] So. we
understand each other.
Bring a condom.
And you. behave.
I'll be back in a few days.
[Cliff] Bye. Dad.
[Mr. Morden] Indifferent
as they seemed.
it did occur to
each and every one.
it had been a long
time since all four
were in the house
without dear Father.
Why. they could do
anything. [chuckles]
Anything at all.
Groan.
Ugh!
Wait.
[Jane] Honk. honk.
[Mr. Morden] Oh?
Is that my bus?
[Rita] What on
Earth are you doing?
[Jane] What are we doing?
We're going into town.
After the Chief
explicitly asked us not to.
This is your most
reckless scheme yet. Jane.
Crazy Jane.
[Cliff] I'm in.
Shocking.
[Jane] Larry?
[Larry] Um. does it matter to any of
you that the Chief thinks we're not ready?
No.
- Rita?
- Don't be ridiculous.
Oh. come on.
There's a whole world out
there waiting to be seen.
That hasn't seen
you in 60 years.
I see what you're doing.
Playing my ego.
I won't be played.
Okay.
Happy knitting.
- Larry.
- [Larry] Don't.
[Rita] Larry.
[groans]
[upbeat music playing]
Don't say a word.
You look nice.
Of course. I do.
Don't wait up.
Which one of you has any money?
[romantic music playing]
Be with you in a second. hon.
[people murmuring]
- You okay?
- All good.
Almost there.
I don't get it.
You said it was your
daughter's birthday.
Oh!
There is nothing.
nothing like a malted.
Am I right?
You know. this is crazy.
You even talk like
her. you know that?
Who?
Rita Farr.
Actress from the '50s.
My dad made me
watch all her movies.
Made you?
She must have been the only
actress that I was ever. like.
"You know what? I
could hang with her."
I mean. she was cool and sexy.
but a broad. too.
I mean. Three Guns To Santa Fe?
El Paso. Three Guns To El Paso.
Okay. so you do know her.
I don't know.
Mostly. I loved her.
'cause it meant I get to
spend extra time with my dad.
It was a tough
time in our lives.
but Rita Farr. she
got us through.
Sit.
Tell me.
About my dad?
No.
[sighs]
[Cliff] One day a
year. I had one job.
Buy the present.
It was my favorite day.
The accident was a few
days before her birthday.
and I was so angry by then
at myself. my wife.
I couldn't see past my own
bullshit. and then I forgot.
You forgot to buy your
daughter a birthday present?
[Cliff] I was busy.
Fucking the nanny.
You idiot.
Yeah.
And now I'm totally stressed.
[Cliff chuckles] Oh. God. I
would so fuck that joint up.
Except it's mine. so fuck off.
Anything?
[Cliff groans]
[country music playing]
Pardon me.
Would you mind if
I ordered a drink?
What'll it be?
I want a beer.
And then there was
that African picture.
Forbidden Congo.
Forbidden dookie.
Oh. come on.
I heard she fell ill.
They replaced her mid-picture.
- She was a drunk.
- No.
And there was that
whole porn thing.
The what?
Rita Farr?
Oh. trust me. My dad had
duffel bags full of the stuff.
Your father said Rita
Farr was doing porn?
Full on.
[Cliff] How pissed do you
think the Chief would be
knowing we were out
here being gawked at?
I honestly don't give a fuck.
Nope. Not buying it.
What?
I think you care a lot
about what he thinks.
You don't know me.
You need him like
the rest of us do.
Hey. I hate to say
it. but I need him.
to get my life back. or
whatever that looks like.
If you want your life back.
why don't you just call her?
Who?
Your daughter.
My daughter's dead.
- According to?
- My daughter's dead.
Oh.
Because you can confirm that?
Multiple sources?
It's all over the Internet. man!
Your shitty driving.
Wife. Kate. decapitated.
Daughter. Clara. sole survivor.
Shut up. Jane.
There are three Clara
Steeles in the United States.
My daughter's dead.
Let's find out.
No!
Asshole!
[Mr. Morden] Larry knew
they were staring at him.
and. yes. it bothered him.
but not for reasons
one might think.
The truth is. Larry Trainor
had felt like a monster
long before he ever was one.
[air control] We got a
good light here. Larry.
[Larry] Hold on. There's
something up here.
[air control] Larry.
Larry. do you read?
Larry. come in.
[panting]
He's alive!
Get a medic!
Larry.
[Mr. Morden] And
the sadder truth was.
he'd finally become what he
had once felt like only inside.
No.
[waitress] Sure you
don't want any dessert?
Just the check. please.
Hey!
Is there a problem. ma'am?
No. Officer.
The only problem
I see is you. pig.
[Cliff] Oh. here we go.
No. Not now.
[Cliff] Officers. my friend here
is maybe a little depressed.
maybe a little high.
But she takes it all back.
Take it back. Hammerhead.
Which one of you motherfuckers
wants me to jerk a knot in your ass?
[Cliff] Fuck me.
[woman screaming]
[people screaming]
[tires screeching]
What the hell is that?
Rita.
[brakes screeching]
Oh. God. Rita.
[people screaming]
No.
No. no. no. no.
Rita!
Can you hear me?
Rita! Fucking bitch.
Get a grip on yourself.
[Larry panting]
No. no. no. no! [groans]
[woman screaming]
What the hell?
[Cliff] What do we do?
No. we're not doin' that!
What do we do? What do we do?
What do we do? What
do we do? What do we do?
Get back. Get back.
Uh... Uh...
Um... Oh!
[all whimpering]
[Rita] I wanna go home.
[Cliff] We can do that.
[news anchor on TV]
In local news today.
the fifth annual dog
parade benefiting...
[Mr. Morden] Look at them.
Staring into the boob tube.
moping on the day's destruction.
utterly clueless to the danger
their little field trip had
brought to their door.
[reporter] Apparently. it was
some sort of giant blob run amok.
until what some witnesses
described as a "robot man"
created this barrier made of...
- Well. made of Main Street. Bill.
- [donkey brays]
[door opens]
Daddy's home.
[Niles] I warned
you not to leave.
I begged you.
You have no idea
what you've done.
It wasn't that bad.
"Bad" doesn't begin to describe
what befell Cloverton today. Bill.
[Bill] Thank you. Wendy.
[Mr. Morden] It's always
uncomfortable. isn't it.
when Daddy gets scared?
As well he should be.
Niles Caulder should
be shitting his pants.
He knows what's coming.
He'd be a fool not to.
You don't spend decades
tap dancing on hornets' nests.
and not expect to be stung.
Niles Caulder had enemies.
Enemies he could
no longer hide from.
[Niles] Whether
you realize it or not.
your actions...
Your actions have consequences.
and those consequences
are coming to this house.
to the town.
[Niles sighs]
Of that. there's no doubt.
You really think
we're in danger. Chief?
That we need to pick up and run?
That's what you
really. really think?
As far away as possible.
as soon as we can.
What happens to the town?
The town is not my main concern.
So. the town gets screwed?
You've done quite
enough to this town.
thank you.
This is bullshit.
[Niles] Don't you start with me.
You and I both know
this field trip was for little
more than your own amusement.
[Cliff] So. now
she's the bad guy?
Okay. let's talk
about you. Chief.
You told me my
daughter was dead!
I was trying to protect you.
[Cliff] By lying?
I'm trying to protect you now.
Do you honestly think she
would have accepted you?
[Cliff] Did I get
a chance to try?
She lost her mother. her father.
I don't know if she
would have accepted me.
You robbed me of that chance.
What am I to her now?
I'm nothing.
I'm a monster.
I assure you. there are
many monsters in this world.
and none of them.
not a one. is you.
I've tried so hard
to shield you.
And I know what I'm asking you.
To leave the safest
place you've ever known.
to step out into the world
that would rather ignore you.
shun you.
belittle you.
But if you stay here.
if we die now.
then this magical experiment.
this you.
my life accomplishments.
all.
it will just...
It will...
[Cliff] Or we don't
abandon the town.
We protect them from
these so-called enemies.
We fight.
We could.
But we'd be doomed.
[Cliff] What are we now?
[Larry] I'm going
to go with the Chief.
Agreed.
Fuck it.
Shotgun.
Hey. for the record.
the town can kiss my ass.
But that doesn't mean Cliff
should go in there alone.
It's over. Jane. Let it go.
Okay. except I
vote we turn around.
- No.
- Rita?
I can't promise I won't.
you know. be disgusting.
But. yes.
[Larry groans]
Larry?
Larry's a yes.
Whoo!
This is wrong.
Might be.
Probably is.
We'll be back.
[Mr. Morden] And there they go.
our four lovable losers.
banding together to become
the superhero fighting force
no one saw coming
except everybody.
But fear not.
There's a way out of this dreck.
Follow me.
[rumbling]
It's fine.
It's totally fine.
Paraguay.
Yes. Niles.
Always. Paraguay.
Morden.
Sure.
But not.
I mean. I haven't
been Mr. Morden since.
"Ahh!
No! Help me."
[laughs]
- [rock music playing]
- [rumbling continues]
[farting loudly]
I've been admiring
your friends. Niles.
those freaks of yours.
for quite some time.
Don't you dare hurt them.
Hurt them? No.
That wouldn't be any fun.
[laughs] No.
That would be quite the
same old story. wouldn't it?
I think we're gonna do
something different this time.
You were right in
one respect. however.
They are quite doomed.
[Cliff] What the fuck?